The prerequisites for this nanodegree program are C++,
linear algebra, calculus, and statistics.
For C++, we expect that you're able to write
C++ programs using object-oriented programming techniques and memory management.
For linear algebra, we anticipate that you are prepared to
multiply matrices and perform other basic matrix operations.
For calculus, if you know how to take the
integral and derivative of polynomial functions,
then you know what you need to know in order to succeed in this nanodegree program.
For statistics, we anticipate that you are familiar with concepts like mean,
median, and standard deviation.
As far as preparation,
if you feel like you are not ready on one or more of these dimensions,
then we recommend either the Intro to self-driving cars nanodegree program
or the C++ developer nanodegree program.
The intro to self-driving cars program will prepare you with the basics of C++,
linear algebra, calculus, and statistics,
as well as Python in machine learning that you'll need to be
successful in many of the different programs that Udacity offers, including this one.
The C++ developer nanodegree program will take you
deep into the development tools and techniques provided by
the C++ programming language that will bring you more than up to
speed for the level of C++ that you'll need in order to be successful in this program.